Add shuguet shu89 split keyboard (PCB + Case are open-source) (#24758)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/shuguet/shu89/readme.md

# split89_rp2040

An 89-key split TKL with PCBs, 3D printed cases, powered by a pair of RP2040

> and compatible with [VIA](https://www.usevia.app/).
> Not sure what VIA is? [Start here](https://www.caniusevia.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Keyboard Maintainer: [shuguet](https://github.com/shuguet)
* Based on handwiewd original Keyboard from [jurassic73](https://github.com/jurassic73/split89)
* Hardware Supported: RP2040

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     qmk compile -kb shuguet/split89_rp2040 -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make shuguet/shu89:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make shuguet/shu89:default:flash
```
